# "Welcome to Tyrno" // 2.21.5016u

It's been a long five years on **TYRNO**. The **TLF** had put up a hell of a fight once, but with the planet's full inclusion in Union inching ever nearer, and the TLF's dwindling resources, the writing is on the wall. **BLACKLIGHT** have been there every step of the way, helping to train the **LOYALIST FORCES** into effective soldiers and police. The specialised Pilots of Blacklight have been the driving military force groundside, but Blacklight's vast use of Infantry, Mechanised and even regular Air units has meant total battlefield control for almos the entire **TYRNIAN CIVIL WAR**. You have all joined the Pilot program in the last year, but have been Blacklight Mercs for a while now. It's not a glamourous entry to the life of a Pilot, picking apart the bones of an enemy who barely has the energy to fight back, but you're a pilot now regardless. It's an honor to be chosen.

# "The Sim oughta teach you the basics" // 3.01.5016u

Your first role as Pilots comes down not long after your completion of basic Pilot training - though you've all spent a long time in the simulators - **TLF** forces have been spotted making desperate raids along civilian towns outside of the Loyalist city centers. Whilst not exceptionally dangerous as a military threat, they cannot be allowed to continue to attack civilians. Raids on civlians have become the mainstay of TLF tactics - demoralising civlian and military alike. Every raid not dealt with is a blow to the Trynian Loyalist Government, so they take priority on patrol sweeps. 

That's your life for the next little while, hitting ragged TLF raiders and ensuring the continuance of punlic support in the Loyalist government.
